except we hope you stop me this is your
boy info Aki what up with DJ efn hey
Street chat did you do star guess I want
to say that it's our first time and we
haven't work I haven't worked no we've
been on a super vacation oh yeah I had
meetings but I am work I say take a
booking right I even have a book in
since 2018 right mr. Lee no no so this
is our first time work it up no but that
was like crazy about this the last New
Year's Eve was my first time bumping
into prodigy and we see each other in
our bellies oh that's right that's right
so wouldn't it was no further ado I
would like to introduce when we started
this show we said we want to interview
legends we want to interview people with
respect and people who have a legacy in
this game and I'm standing by three
individuals who walk the benefit they
are the picture of that segment you
think of legendary you think of career
you think of happy H a PLC
[Music]
my name is Elias cuz my real name is Li
Shan and don't try to go out then scam
me and try to cause and swipe this video
is Li Shan it was le sha N and I used to
go to school and they used to call me
lunch yawn and you know that back then I
was a transformation of the key shots
and the shah's you know all the girl
names and but delicious so I just say oh
look I gotta break this up mmm they're
my problem went to the Lower East Side
which was high school why he was like yo
D doing this [__] now though he's sighs
scratching it
this is it hood yo your name's Eliot
we're gonna make your name le s take
your take to take the Shu don't get it
from there but he went to school without
there and that's what that's what it was
uh they was doing a lot of the park [__]
and all the jams and stuff but he was
bringing the tapes back from the food
you know Nicole crush and what they was
doing down there so he was like now we
gonna make you le s as a DJ okay there
wasn't had really nothing to do with the
low ISA it travel with me to this date
now was your very first beat life's a
[__] very first beat on wax was life's
a [__] they're always very first
[Music]
but listen man I wanna see who knows it
best
[Music]
constantly
[Applause]
so that cover the
[Music]
[Applause]
came home and I could Socastee you
laying that book was even though I've
never seen later O'Brien at that point
it off I don't think so how they don't
think so no I kind of met the man that
handle be jail but how did that come
together that was crazy I mean just the
back didn't know he's throwing the names
out and stuff like that annoying and the
name as he came from Stoops to be real
for the first side oh I know we were
joking one day and he was like yeah you
look like the newly
[Laughter]
[Music]
from the forties side that's the Buckeye
lived on my pops you know he's number
two so he was on that block you know he
see me hustling he's like not you can't
live in the same roof
he's kicking in doors and [__] so I went
over to Grandma crib which was on all
three of course from having them 141st
sign yes I you know I did my bit on both
sides how come there's so much talent
I think it got a lot to do with the Jew
school
I mean in school was Molly and Shan
really bright rocks and you right you
right yes so I mean the inspiration that
you know they came from that probably it
is no you know it's you know but legacy
just continue you know Oh Craig G bigger
tracks we make jokes about them I think
it got a lot to do that with the legacy
there was fun crazy because I knew for
me personally myself it made me be proud
to be from Queensbridge I mean in fact I
used to go to school and uh you know
they used to play we from playoff from
Queensbury loves it but uh four years um
you know cuz I came out with a brother
than Capone that was from Queens yeah
everybody would confused me and they
were always say that I'm from
Queensbridge and for year four years I
would say no because I'm from luck like
I'm proud of you for where I'm from but
tonight tonight
[Applause]
[Music]
1:44 towards me but you you fit in like
you was family I came I came the first
time I came there and I see jump in the
red car came home and I went to kind of
see these dudes and they were on the
flop drinking enj and it was the first
time I ever so um you know we gotta
speak on the young recently you know our
brother prodigy we want to say recipe
step back give a moment of silence
everybody just be quiet for a second
rest in peace prodigy sure sure recently
he passed me we understand that and did
you see the overwhelming amount of love
that he received on Instagram man yeah I
once you got to see that when he was
here I love that people show the love
but then again as a person who knows him
I wish he could have been here to see
that was was that something like how you
felt annoyed oh for sure but Pete really
always got loved it
we used to call him science and now we
all the same age coming up man y'all and
everybody knew he always had that
another level a mentality isn't as mine
was always but another level you know
and he got that one me to go do shows
and stuff we bump into the gods they
have told me to decide driving knowledge
you know I'm not uh you know too much
into the gaudy and stuff like that but
he would take some information from that
and move on and then pick up books and
move on
knowledge and sherry so I always seem
like the real recognize real when it
came to prodigy man who shows a lot of
stuff we was WOW and so we should bump
into a lot of drama but used to have a
lot of dudes coming to show for you so
he always had you know oh there's
definitely a mob deep album in the stash
enemy but I just want to give it a
little bit of time you know to mean so
fully recorders is something out a piece
together half a half you know I got a
piece it together stuff this already
record and stuff like that because you
know I think that's what people want and
you know just one last hoorah
you know him stuff like that so that's
definitely in the mix right all right
that's what's up man you know um again
my market oldest is the two so to
everybody cause we all took it hard like
I mean that he was the craziest thing I
was gonna say this till later but the
craziest thing is that day in Vegas you
guys gonna love steak house the plea was
right
so the crazy she is this was crazy right
that I want everybody to really pay
attention to this I've been working on
my full show for two years finally dr.
diehl finally we had to pick the choices
good to pick where we had to film right
so I had a choice of Las Vegas or New
Orleans for some reason they pushed me
towards New Orleans and the fact is I
didn't pick New Orleans because they
pushed me towards it nice I said I wanna
face there was nothing like this
freestyle and there was like God made me
like like see like the last hour with
the [__] would do them look stupid
because I picked this and then it just
so happened the heart of rap so I was
there yeah Alex asked me to come out and
I came out I got the CP I mean very
minute but it was very chic to me man
don't sit on Arab dope dope thing and
the relationship that I see I have a
moral deep those bad
you know we shop he's a first video was
first happened H and IC IC was on Timmy
chemistry with Queensbridge no what
happened was I've seen him in the gas
station in my hand right I'll get my car
wash he was thinking we've got to go out
there your mother go to Queens because
he's like poverty shooting his video
he's like you know I'm gonna follow you
he was bar itself Wow I can't hit a
project by itself so sick and even of
them 20 he wait to wished for that the
other relax brother
I love me always supported me so it that
is also a muppet show to to house God I
shall know the who show that we announce
this corner Guardian he's coming out in
the February you know say I care now who
the hell is wait because really I
thought that we got past that now they
they they got a press release coming out
in this man so I don't want to piss them
off you know I'm saying do I you see a
marketing plan sister 90mm these
[__] have a marketing plan I've
been working out
which I gotta walk
[Laughter]
got marketing plans yeah what was what
was your favorites from studio session
at Bow Wow
it might have been life's a [__] Wow I
would pick that you know what cuz it was
so it was just so okay - you know I'm
running around with Nas and DJ and you
know I'm saying he doing as eBay head
and then they give him a deal and I just
go DJ like I had cornbread to see the
head soundtrack the moon yeah yeah every
single was on a half-time time that's
when this is 92 talking yes okay okay so
you know maybe just going through the
travels and then it's just like I'm just
DJing hanging out making beats in the
crib cuz I'm doing I'm selling CDs I'm
like the neighborhood DJ your sweet 16
you know anybody's party that was cydia
and she was nice man oh so you didn't
know I didn't even know easy okay so I'm
just just doing a regular you don't say
DJ and just you know saying making meats
and blonde tapes in the hood and now
this is like yo I just can't get
together we got eight records just bring
all your pizzas of studio and I'm gonna
go through some joints and AC was dead
okay
already already okay I'll bring the
joints got my little folder floppy disc
some lonely joints in the 3000 this is a
pretty sick and ec6 the unknown enjoy so
[Applause]
Widow say yes I'm going to beat
something to join you know man I'm just
playing and I ain't even come over okay
love see they get to play everything in
the first record I pulled up was the the
I see public Sarna for your love so I'm
playing a beat and then he was saying he
wasn't
[Music]
I love being a bear but that was so you
ain't eat this guy and you playing the
beat and that [__] kicks visualize
what's going on and it now picks up and
they're now dating the posted that he
just joined out a hook whose life's a
[__] you die so I'm gonna I'm gonna day
so god bless the dead flat along 10th
Street they had the black man in
struggling so glad nobody back then
nobody couldn't take no music out the
studio because Nikki stealing music back
then was terrible so nobody left with a
CD or nothin so I'm crossing the street
in the mood for my mom's block to my
grandmother's and black and pulls up and
sit into the and at the stoplight
pumping joy come on son well you know
naazy come home nobody left it's a panda
with the joy all black blazing so I'm
thinking it's a fab you know next
Friday's everybody let's say oh it's
just good then everyone say it's just
whack this some few [__] that it just
be around bang on the navigator artist
too so I'm thinking that you got
familiar that professor only unknown yes
everybody record Astoria
it was a dream it like really until we
started DJing and going on tour and the
world started singing the record I just
thought it was like some tragic [__] you
know what it is nice let me tell you and
on the last record
- so I the whole album but that
breakfast oh my god yeah just like that
cuz it's last one but my house picking
you by the way he picks awesome
breakfast for you but because it's like
I got you know oh [__]
[Music]
is raised off yeah what a slippery down
it'll be good but um or he played it for
faith we knew if he tell you that's what
if he played it around me I threw fruit
at that time it knows all that I'm not
Vogons in this job it's Miss Jones
issues because miss to a bike line yeah
bigger mission and she's always PC
Surrey and record she's always been the
tragic oh yeah did it come the cradle
just out to talk about that record did
he say something about that robot
I don't know member and we could go go
to a boy I wanna ask ya guys what is
y'all feel about Steve stocks would he
say he said that he started with that
record he said Daisy was not a lyricist
like come on we you do this system sighs
you'd be sold into it you're not really
believed people like when I had little
get it back I was like damn I should've
went hard on like me personally I was
like and he said you know I understand
my ways and when I was wrong easy to do
they eat ramen on a hill oh they put in
a studio anything like that he want a
hill ramen a big up AZ
really wasn't just as big as knobs could
have been the label definitely label EMI
at the time the roll out the emotional
burden he wanted to Sunday but he was
the first rapper to even breakthrough on
here my like on some Street you know to
get it and get a real hit wrecking and I
really think we sold a million records
so which are super heavy things cause
make some noise but I got there
things like she was like you have
superheroes 20,000 okay 20 like oh
that's a go away oh that's plague aside
you know they know sales when it starts
to roll they kind of predict who is
gonna sell that but I ain't no man I'm
just making music under sampling
everything in the crate you know like I
said two things you think with the label
you're saying then later I think the
label the label they had to been a label
cuz he had deal was management he was
one of a Heavy D at the time so he had
him around the right people around city
deal deal
Oh deal deal deal was owned was his
manager so he hadn't around to bite
people and he was doing right you know
me BEC isn't you havin a baby
yes Tony doll them up there so I think
as a DJ like like get around that just
what do you have I just I mean it I
think the label and I think the label
but I mean I would know though I mean
you know first of all like any weed I
was born into today
[Applause]
right at the time they saw you for
veterans making you know noise man just
glad you've been part of history
he'll break these away but you see
there's any observation you have on that
situation the label didn't a success so
fast - you know saying like being a he
was a bird from now so even though he
wasn't like overshadowing type of thing
like you know I mean it didn't you know
not career just kept going and going it
never really went down and then egg was
just still stuck with I think come on my
I think Columbia Records was more of a
commercial scene that's what nas is all
it was a commercial mission but if
that's the case then that didn't start
working to the second aisle because
really Illmatic was like I think they
let him do his thing on Maddie wasn't a
commercial success right it was an
underground success but they but he had
to build a foundation first and didn't
have to but I think it was that guy the
most time to do radio nothing that's
interested because infamous out was that
underground success for y'all was that I
would say alright that's why I would say
um no the infamous I was didn't go
platinum but it's when we scratched the
surface like you don't mean nobody was
enough to keep us you're not going the
door yeah it's platinum freeze it's
platinum in the hood you know
you know what it was back then is you
send out a certain amount of records if
they don't send it back they
automatically generates it yeah that's
definitely that's definitely a plan but
we didn't have no problem with it
because the infamous album went gold and
then we came out with so that's you know
now mob the I got man I'm gonna really
really big brother's up because if the
two-man Arsenal like it led for us to
come come to our shtick but I just
really well as a winning problem you
know what we do every time we film a
podcast we going to people to Scott
Scott goofy and we play the music I seen
she was doing it on your own today no I
just go and I just go listen to all the
records and I just and I'm like damn
that [__] took me like all [__] the
whole day like just up like damn these
[__] a dumb one you put it in
denial now we got le s here so how much
Mobb Deep means to the world like I had
to remember myself I mean it means a lot
to me you know I mean so didn't even see
people you know digging us up and stuff
like that then it always felt good and
it always humbled me and to this day you
know I'm still humbled by it like I'll
take a picture with anybody and say
what's up but just [__] like that most
beautiful thing that's a beautiful you
gotta be man cuz it's like when you win
that store somebody's like yo le yes so
I have your that beat or that yo you
changed my life you don't understand
what I was going through at that time of
life so a lot of the music that was made
back there you know I'm saying through
the junk that the youngest and no Danny
people I hate
like yo bro like really that was dope
and somebody called you for being that
you never thought would I say it again
who's somebody who quotes you for a beat
that you never thought would we're
calling call me for B and a Queen
Latifah did it happen it happened mmm we
went the phlume in Atlanta to Atlanta
yes yeah just shopping to be set it off
he was working in a dungeon house Wow
the dungeon just started working but at
that time she was already movie career
so the focus wasn't his strong she
wanted a record boy may God bless Chris
lighty oh he was my manager then he put
me in the rightful he put me on lazy
just was on phone like boom boom boom
you know I'm saying yeah and it Steve
Stoute was my manager he picked it up on
ahead and I was with Trackmaster oh well
you got Chris pasty
Frankie is Miami's national anthem which
is well Smith welcome to my
[Applause]
[Music]
probably checks the texture publishing
granted you don't know I can't I can't
[Applause]
[Music]
was in that big we did is out for two
weeks on incredible we have force to
[Music]
you know I realize my Walker wouldn't
have been took up cause you know where
we was that quick who was a mr. Chow's
know what mr. Chow's is yeah nobody
about this yeah we grew up a full court
basketball courts on our block and you
walk out the building you're a poor boy
they said that you people have any
backyard when I get rich it was like
that when L movie 41st no the rain
yes like he was one of them right now
Danu yeah so what is now you just have
you just say you came from Prussia
no this is not the place to lose that it
was big bad said Russia's against racism
but this is a the habits show Maldive
show it was you know havoc so you know
you know support the legacy you know ass
though but she's gonna be traveling all
the time to a lot of different places
like that and they just got they show so
much love you definitely have a lot of
love for hip-hop yeah
like the culture generally yeah like so
just be crazy but on that flight
believe me that flight was like 10 hours
and I don't know how we did that [__] oh
yeah you know you know a few German
actors do Bob but once I land my love
Dubai
oh yeah what's your favorite place to go
my favorite place to go I would have to
say probably I like friends like friends
too
you got it yeah a friend
[Applause]
and only in Paris they got the joint the
column tastes are going like any muscle
to the spot they put the legs like they
the green on it with the cheese on top
of it with the bottle you don't even
know you even a snail you don't even
know that's their delicate like this but
y'all I had an improv 112 it's okay here
the guys escargot problem or 12 I'm not
here at the steak house problem with hey
you did you say your place to go oh my
god I will say hello Frank France is
like one of my favorite place okay yeah
you know what's good about Fras is you
could get like the rich culture but then
when you go to that show this is the
worst case the world coming to a mob
I'm gonna tell you like this straight
over the the last two times that I went
to Paris I say [__] you know whether
me go with our security or whatever so I
went and I think the [__] could notice
that she listen one time I won't do the
crowds say MICEX what you say and I
would like just to do hit return and
they do grab my walkman and 150 down but
bust down at the time he grabbed my
watch and he looked at me he looked like
I could go to the stage for you and I
still look Paris even though regardless
because it's just like anywhere else
like you go somewhere you could get
caught slippin yeah anywhere else you
make a bull the street not bad for these
nuts because they hit the robber big I
have know what you're going to check
this camera
we're now is about Coliseum lemonade by
then I say you so why I said you make a
way to make us some big like that
Coliseum blah that's all oles I think I
pulled these officer own man so when it
comes in everything's in hip-hop what is
the best error that one man it depends
on who you ask but you can maybe you can
ask us because we don't [__] I love to
coochie rap ever in the cane and you
know I'm saying like yes like for me
that's what I have to say but I've grown
up now to me like oh [__] this mom deep
just to pop this knives 93 to 96 or 97
to me oh don't second-guess on yo say
that's that's monstrous sakes only youth
DJ you know I'm making time between like
86 to 88 right because every time we
have sex with him she says many to
Linnae she's just way better than bangs
every time we have it I squeeze my
mistakes
you know there's a place where hip-hop
people you know this is what we do we
come here to represent our legends
there's places that either we had a
strategic phone call with the companies
and powers and places that Beach and
they said that we they wanted to start
implicating or putting new artists in
there and we said nah can't do it yeah
they have but it's got to be our way is
that like a big guy empty jokes by og
they got all this oh you gotta bring you
will you come with you no I meant Bleek
come with a Casanova that's don't get
off
like well but you know new artists they
have their land already you have to have
it every social media is all there like
this is a lot for we expose those who
this is you know it's a government if
you look to versus a non-elected right
we want to represent people would have
business gain ten years that or more and
put it in that work and deserves to be
recognized in mind you will as would
whip so here's a walk people don't
recognize me when we started the
platform based on that premise we didn't
know what was gonna pop it was just us
we didn't do it because we wanted to do
it yeah and it just happened to pop off
yeah I'm saying it's just like it's so
you gotta take it was genius
yeah I'll think these days yeah but we
need the mobb deep chronicles podcast to
happiness fun yes you rap annoyed you
know I'm saying no baby
and yeah I'll just tell you about that
because you're gonna see you're gonna
see the impact you know of this because
if you just want to hit his Bob these
stories so I'm actually just going to be
more the jack immunity is it's gonna be
an extraordinary company gave me a lane
how I'm gonna say because the contracts
are not done yet okay cool
it's it's a good company that we all
know and they're giving me a lane to do
documentaries not just some lofty but or
new artists that I like
[Music]
yeah I don't got the name of e yeah go
and Tiger bone that's why I started
drinking the presidentís first let me
take a minute I don't know if y'all know
me but have knocked down a lot of
Industry [__] that the pink
[Music]
[Applause]
Arius to you is gonna be great
to
[Music]
works but but it's still a challenge
though because you you want to make it
right and it still the challenge I mean
[Music]
you still kind of was like oh [__] yeah
this is the thing that we was here in
right they put it together fast but the
people that probably was really really
close and probably one of them to put
even more people who did follow them how
about the Tupac so we had to go about
this I didn't even watch the movie yeah
it could be they may talk to me big like
we talked about mob thief did we go
clapping the first happen
oh not real close to whatever you think
the world be ready for multi god bless
cuz a cake but I always know more
because the biggest was one of the
biggest groups that were right but when
I see peace death are you seen like
steven kolb or like just this is like
different people he's just showing love
the mobb deep it's like wow like that
[__] will sell out this i'm telling
you've done the proper right they've
done the properly
we'll have to be involved everybody from
the beginning fun you know they got that
you know you gotta get twin you got a
kid you know Todd you got in it you
gotta get done get your trip looking
everybody that you know that gets a twin
story like how that just that accident
complex crazy like that was the seventh
minute yeah us in quitting Slayers like
we could we just have up what happened
yeah you don't say so I'll just tell you
man right you don't saying like I always
been like y'all family but I was always
stuff like leading off from the other
side right so I'm just telling y'all dad
that'll be something like that that
they'll eat up fast
yeah yeah but he you know was the person
to do it because he probably feels like
he ain't do pops movie right is baby
boom I think maybe boom is the guy to
bring home that mob but even more
outsider looking because you're actually
an insight okay but but mobb deep is the
soundtrack if you're a hip-hop kid or
generation mobb deep and y'all sound is
the sound of our generation yeah to a
certain boy like NWA was a sound of a
generation right and so it deserves that
those accolades and in a film properly
made and yeah I'm saying I'm saying
right it would have to be y'all still
evolved that's what makes NWA [__] so
better than everybody else's because
cube is you know obviously pop yeah what
hit right like this is there's no way
you could do a big part of movie without
that I would be totally against it
family out see what the family was doing
I'm kidding but wait you say nay doing
the move for you so just giving you
example like you just can't and with you
guys are so right
I'm just telling everybody has the old
memories that down asked me so I would
go to the movies phone right relax why
you say if it's done right because you
yo and all our history is I'm so down
with Zoey you last time a habit was here
you understand when when we said ship
once beat was made of the projects we
just talked about that know me have a so
c'mon I used to be you be Ana project
children and they have it just dip off
the upstairs make it up the cooking he's
the power down a lot of stuff you know
so you ain't go win more like he was
good at making beats in studio let me
get you on right now fees he'll be like
now or like you're powered I made for
not right then studio and nice and Rick
was right we coming back today
okay but I gonna tell you what makes
that crazy is you can go on us to do
what have you gonna lay some stick and
then leave and he'll come back and I
have three different more beats to the
face
and do you like I'm gonna like cobalt
while it sounds like good I was like you
and you're happy to help just keep
making a beat better better why like
that's some genius [__] huh
nice good I'm just never satisfied and
I'm out I'm my own worst critic when it
comes to beats Tony tells could have
tested that probably right when he'd be
making the BTB laughter you never be
done if somebody don't say yo that's it
no that's to say he's the truth he's
right like if you don't have that artist
day to be like oh that's a move fish out
right there Lord chill have great luck
so just go with you like now we're gonna
play for you play that be my did you
skip it super skippers basically trying
to find this that's it
didn't you be like
it was it wasn't it was though as I
would do so and always waited to hear
what the snare was gone
pushing news on that one I practice news
in the MTC 660 but machine he got movie
when I went to the 41st side and we was
doing music getting on voice I was
hustling so when I'm forty first I was
like music same thing he got thing like
the helicopter three tablet that's a
sixty your waiter gonna cook and then we
was on celebrating le le s toe-touch
mobb deep this is to lose
[Applause]
you'll be ready trust me it's like a
hall what's here what's your analogy if
you playing the game liquor play the
game you'll be ready like you play like
a noob who knew all your meals oh man we
said we should be drinking that you want
knock it off the pot but it's not unless
it came straight from China originally
supposing the Chinese were killing
Tigers and smashing the bones and
putting like ginseng right but then
obviously that all actually got banned
because it was actually killing Tigers
right so now it's just all roots like a
bunch of roots okay yeah so you can find
that any Jamaica's bust rhymes and
culture coach so now I'm happy right now
if six nine no six nine eight what's his
name what's this mother Takashi Takashi
Takashi by now because you caught me
with the SAVAK still a chance yeah I'm a
little music man like I love music
period so I don't get caught up in
the old you know I don't like this music
and I don't like the new music it's like
a lot of the [__] I don't like today but
a lot of this [__] back in the days I
didn't like either you're gonna be so
I'm just a music man butters do you know
I will lean more towards you know my
Baba music but I always love a challenge
so if anybody came to me for a bit
well I'll be like I'm good but what if
they did something on the beat you did
like I said would you do at that point
to check out the check would make the
difference and check them in I am a
today no jokes are no um I think this
something that you didn't like over what
do you tell or like what you try to
produce them like the way it used to be
you can you can try to guard them but
the guy behind that's a great deal you
know maybe you should do it like this
and God and long as you're not doing it
in a way that is you don't want it like
disrespect artists when he's doing his
craft like just be mindful that he's
probably trying to saw this so you do
want to go on to you know what he's
doing with prevalence your art as well
because you're beat yeah - I feel like
you have every every you know sense to
tell them what to do alone like you
should have input yeah but he's still
paying for it you can't just be there
having it all do it is do the best you
could do to the beat to make a house of
sometimes right oh you gotta give it up
and be like I at some point you know me
of course
say you could god it would be like
staying on this understand what he said
I rap but no you was on Tommy Boy what
was that experience being on Tommy Boy
it was quick for me me I got I got I got
the deal and got locked up right behind
oh wow I got the deal and actually my
second half you get the first add forgot
me friend job they actually gave it to
me just to give me out that pay for the
boys you know I didn't even finish the
whole album that's why I actually came
out as an EP Oh came out to EP the first
album yes what job
like went to the forefront of music
because at the end of the day that was
not as protege right correct and he had
the boss a member just offer full free
snacks nature was all over the world why
do you think we went the the way he
should have went it was a little tough
cuz I think nature was dealing with the
firm battles it was
and was the hour so the tools that could
have probably gotten closer to the well
probably didn't get it he probably get
that chance to you know deal with the
streets and a little closer Asian the
date of data that was outside of your
music when I say back so um track NASA's
tried they tried without analysis help
just saw some what's the name but I
think it was blue nation huh what's your
relationship with Trackmasters no should
anything good my finding rain would be
good alright so on because they say
starting to do all my Steve Stoute
starting I love I love men a date you
can never be mad at somebody that
brought you to a while and you feed your
family office really open Queensbridge
that's the obvious thing but I'm not
used to seeing it Ali s would walk D so
what's going on yeah
I mean first of all you know you know
the you know P passed away stuff like
all right so they hold me down like a
time where I need to hold me down and
then in the process of that you know
obviously you know
Elias he's a producer my producer look
at me like we China team up and do stuff
and then we got no it here you know
there so we just want to just all stick
together you know time like this you
know you talk back in the day let's
stick together so you know if it wasn't
for these two right here I don't know
what I will be doing right now but you
know saying on a daily basis like I'll
probably just be by myself because who
could I bring on on the road with me
[Music]
oh that's right and I caught even like I
was like The Prodigy children how they
gonna do this you know
right right and then I didn't even come
off first
no it came out fresh and started
starting XI and I was like okay this is
this is gonna be a goal right now I just
felt the right way you felt the energy
and the family togetherness but like I
said it was a prodigy tribute ourselves
with nobody knew how it was gonna be
presented right
but when noid came up off the top what
was the first
I probably would give up the gun would
you like more days steak I love
performing no literally like I realized
like my name too are Perry
but in other stage I'm rapping on top
this is a separation off top easy and it
comes easy to do that it has no feelings
you and huge figure you know I get so
much love out there like so and I'm
always like you know you know me
recognize something yummy but over there
is like yeah you know me I'm just away
on the block you know I'm actually
living in Florida right so my toe I'm in
Tampa
beautiful because you know why
and then God bless you to being a little
emotional like I could feel proud of you
watching us right now
like I got a bill it was saying oh look
at these [__] they hold me down
downstairs I said she also said congrats
on you killed it came close brother
behind ya empty if you love that you
know to be because uh you know before he
passed like he was right there and I
remember you shoe in the fool show and
look look look at that part people
cutting your wisdom but I said so long I
said I said it's a you to us some gain
you drop to thankful for the other
rocked it made no excuse I used that
I'll come back he said that good night
but he up and hear him say that in 15
years of their Hannigan's always
'we are like your children be little
relaxed day so I need a big girl nice so
when I heard you say that same story I
was like holy [__] I was like you cuz he
said to you he didn't feel good that
night or something like that but it was
yeah but like I said I heard that so
many times so you know god bless but you
know what we're gonna do we're gonna
make sure mob D we're gonna make sure
rapido le has totally touched you gonna
make sure that hip-hop continues so
we're spending that name prodigy mobb
deep and we're gonna continue to respect
that legacy because it hurts me in a hip
hop where a person can't make it to a
certain place and pick up the next
minute I say I respect you for what you
did what you're doing that's why I guess
this is this [__] is working is because
we don't mind big enough we're gonna
expect [__] country music the big
this what he was talking about everybody
all own in their own you know that me
and you really go back into the P music
its deepening rap we all know that like
this well of course I'm sorry to cut you
off so sorry cuz these fans gonna kill
me for this but one question is that it
keeps arriving and I just want to ask it
I don't believe it but I just want to
ask is every time I go on an 11 anything
is posted about prodigy they say that
prodigy was writing a little Marathi
book
so people feel like today that was a
conspiracy that is a good Savior died on
a conspiracy yeah yeah I'm not just half
that extender because that question just
keep spectra is just it hurts to hear
that Dober I don't know of any other
without anything good when it came to
privacy but I knew that he was
enlightened he did talk about a lot of
stuff because they say he was bringing
the actual book I've heard it from
people like by that story he said
prodigy was how hurt anybody is when he
talked about this write a book and so
now so people take that Oh like you know
like just regular fans an internet and
they try to say that this was some
conspiracies because they sing like they
exist but you know I say that to myself
too yeah but I mean it's all speculation
yes it's all speculation I mean you know
I don't want to even really kind of feed
that far you know saying I want to kind
of keep his legacy alive exact level
exactly but you know we do hear the days
where they'd be like oh man are the
understand as a matter of fact I was
just watching Van Jones today and at the
end what did he he was like
[Music]
that's the same thing you know that was
enlightened you know you know
I started to figure out that it's a
little crazy but cuz I'm you know I
managed meeting yeah and they did the
video with Lil Wayne little jungle Lil
Wayne a the two videos Lil Wayne yeah
and then fans honed in on this video and
they started to say homie got a t-shirt
that got this sign and then when he
played the guitar teacher yeah he did
this and then he I could tell you I'm
like man and in his way making a record
with these guys and it's random we did
the doing 70 man random and these
[__] turn it into a lunatic
conspiracy I'm like oh now I can't
believe anything that I used to think
about to if you counted the Ciroc
bottles little table right now
[Music]
no conspiracy is [__] up
Otto so momentum there's no conspiracy
conspiracy is the conspiracy mmm so it's
per se the work is per se is the
conspiracy yeah yeah cuz it's deflecting
the truth right
yes Sam you make it up on another truth
and you not seeing what's really going
about calling it a conspiracy you're
taking away the credence from
yo shout-out to looked now we in Lux now
rolls out us now looks now cheers you
with the blunt a good line of difference
I give you his lighter you got to give
it back so quaint great who is the next
stop qapla plays bridge right now the
next star to come to clean boots come
come on now is gonna be is gonna be
somebody they don't need our help
[Music]
that's the jungle people's mentality
though like I listen visit the other day
I kid you not
could you know these guys on Facebook
and they like you who's the illest
rapper from left right right I mean come
on we gotta we gotta sign this Congress
but these guys the younger generation at
this way another look at the
conversation goes on just pen
the conversation and these guys they
actually was picking up on the shaft up
Oh everything all right this is guy you
know Hey right sorry
all right they pick up on Dave they pick
some people pick up moves to mates
that's right this is my artist but most
of liens from brother I've not made yeah
it's not me right but this will turn
tell you this other younger generation
is the younger generation don't want to
give a [__] about what came before them
and that's crazy but at the same token I
remember not giving a [__] about what
came before me as well before us is that
we didn't want to actually help them we
did it on our own
thank you that's very very very expert
on some rifles yes but not even powerful
businesses like yo you know
represent I think I won did you not want
to be like us pay homage even when I did
what - I always pay huh okay always hear
me for the people working for it's not
like we didn't care about mommy mom no I
care but I mean I kid too but I wasn't
gonna go to mommy mom would be like oh
you need some help I'm like I want to
show Molly Moll that I could do it you
understand right so that's how I was
thinking what was I can Elysa people
that were acting yes sir I'll become as
the Ox mob man let's not do that
seeing younglings from her mother saying
who's the illest rapper I didn't really
care but somebody sent me the link so I
watched it and it was I was like really
I was like like I was like 40% people
they would give a sick he gave soul
sisters brother Glen
[Music]
[Applause]
have it the hill as I do
you should write everything that you're
not now in the right and you get more
rest
around you you got ill fifty states of
black hair like making beats and doing
other things
I'm sorry the list I subpoena session
will have used to have three in one
section one to one away
[Laughter]
[Applause]
[Music]
I was very proud like at one point
[Applause]
because that's one thing um that
problems who I'ma be honest palm I
always felt like palm should have made a
gyro out that's really who he is like
he's really like that [__] one day he
told me is he was like they're looking
at my socks it matches my collar
[Laughter]
[__]
I don't but you still not just telling
on this that's a part visit young palm
could write the Sex and the City
you give me too much credit you can dunk
at the dogs two [__] late was that you
Paul Wesley
come on Luanne after me but God as much
together
anyway I'm a family you need to not
definitely don't want another shot right
back then you had fun that was it
perspective
no I didn't even have fun back then oh
they was you know drink chips you lose
your favorite Oh have you ever worked on
who's your favorite [__] burger music
mmm that's what yeah do you have a movie
music yep we'll get on to music
absolutely this pop thing and the music
was coming out so so so easy I ain't
even nobody was doing it that's the way
it fell nobody'll had the mini mansion
on Long Island they had to cream you
together living together it's like we
[__] out the hood but we in uh cuz we
muffled living on top of each other
yummy question his favorite album and it
was sort of music I was listening to
that an extra today weird music and I
wanted to ask you was that when y'all
went like got away from samples learning
music cuz it felt like that that album
it felt like that but I was I was still
sampling I was still circling it
okay that what what was the single which
one which our music you had the nos
joint quiet on samples we was lucky but
down
what's next finally up oh really
I mean I don't know I've been at
Virginia and I'm in Virginia now and he
was on the radio as well right 1:03 jam
you're still on right now not consumed
you don't mean have this doing through
things so I stepped away yes but um you
know I made my mark in Virginia I did
all the clubs and all everything radio
station on to have a little mix show
basically I don't like the clue to flex
but you know it's of a page that I think
woke up on that to them and I hit up the
streets with everything is going on and
they're now I'm saying back into the
production
alright I'm saying back deep and full
foot full-fledged both men talk about
hip hop so I got a book so we know this
is Laura I got two on the joint you know
II know the hell Jabbar's in them
the only story son right when I play
that beat in the drum sits in this is
just finished bastard all right there I
had a piece of it law had the story of
my that's why that's why I went at that
end do you hear nothing because the
became is already you produced for
Mother Superior didn't you yes yes which
is so much I used to print em see that
they yell when it came out I don't think
that would have changed I'm asking my
producer I think you produced a joke
with Karis one on that record which
workers won't say where you at where you
at Miami's on the map
that's the the dollar but the hook
seriously that was and that's crazy
because that did that I want some you
know how somebody Cory with that brown
paper bag money came out it would have
changed the whole landscape of Miami
hip-hop yeah I mean don't bless me for
that I'm just awful I say
what's next for a fedora I got to the
elders producers on the Salvation Army
so we working together doing shows
nothing cuz right now I'm working on the
book my cousin MooMoo just came home no
I mean so you try to make your pop yeah
god bless my brother the borrower who
wish you all the success what's next for
you the podcast nerves yes and of course
earlier what I said documentaries about
perfectly just do that it's not not
telling you about the solo habit album
let's go later to record you know anyway
you know have yellow hair I know
and then you might have to hear it you
don't say yes that would be the studio
tonight I'm definitely going to the face
okay so what time is the base of the
process right now
a couple days ago Mia if I try to get it
together
it's okay here to come to get you we
can't quite put it together at that for
me and we want to salute you because we
understand it you also this is your
second time coming out here on your own
don't think that was appreciated thank
you for having me again that part clear
Tony and Elias and rapid no I have one I
want that to be clear if this is a
platform that we made for us by us we
needed new FUBU
that's what's up
we always represent because our platform
is for people that have been in hit ten
years or more and sit here we still
smile you know say they don't understand
the pressures and the things that we go
through the ups and downs and the
backstories on how you have to either
maintain that ten years and we don't
tell them that that part well it's all
the good parts cuz that's having to hear
the same motivation exactly you know you
say by the end of the day we ain't gonna
stop this practical I would rather like
I told you we had the call with the big
people vote it was wonderful and then
somebody says yes so would woman
[Music]
disrespecting the people I've been
saying champion humans before who show
that new guys you know others I gotta
have new guys but for this dream champs
platform is maybe for people who desert
that's why it's on it's as possible
cause this may be people who's been here
and you know unfortunately it's only a
trap when you have ten years or more
people say you old and you can't do it
again you gotta stop that
badass so I'm gonna lead the way and
saying that you we get wicked fun with
the time let me say so much didn't I was
great about everybody here at this table
is that in twenty plus years in the game
yeah
are we still going to Russia
[Music]
totally me this time
yeah in the right way
[Applause]
[Music]